Document the difference between host and system metrics (#324)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/resource/host.md

**Description:** A host is defined as a computing instance. For example, physical servers, virtual machines, switches or disk array.

> Note that `host.*` namespace should only be used for resource attributes. For hosts' metrics the `system.*` namespace should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `host.*` namespace should be exclusively used to capture resource attributes. To report host metrics, use the `system.*` namespace should be used.
```

Maybe? Also, is this supposed to be a normative text or not? Should "should" be "SHOULD" or "MUST"?
